At the beginning of this lesson,
we started with using Bayes' rule.
The belief of x_t as a normalized ether,
multiplied with the observation and the motion.
We simplified the observation model to p of
z_t only given x_t and the map using the Markov Assumption.
For the motion model,
we used to law of total probability and odds of
the Markov Assumption to get the desired recursive structure.
The motion model includes the belief at t minus one and our transition model.
Finally, the belief at x_t can be written as the following.
The motion model is also called the prediction step for the belief x_t
which can be expressed by the belief x_t covered with a little hat.
This formula represents a general base filter for localization
and is also called Markov Localization.
You can also represent the filter dependencies as a graph by combining both subgraphs.
To estimate the new state, x_t,
we only take into account
the previous belief state and only the current observations and controls.
The state x_t and z_t also depends on the map.
In literature, you will often find the representation without the belief x_t.
There's also common practice to neglect the map and the motion model.
This means, we remove the map, m,
over here and also remove the dependencies in the graph.